Dr. Ye, you are here
Dr. Ye, thanks to your treatment
I'm much better now
Duan Lao, I'm here this time
There is a small favor
Look how polite you are
Feel free to ask
Mr. Duan, you must know my background
I want to ask you about my life experience.
Why did you suddenly remember to ask this question?
Is because
Someone almost died because of my background
I was sent to the mountains to study medicine with my master since I was a child
My master only told me that my relatives were dead
But never told me
Why am I here now?
I don't even know what kind of family I am
Your master didn't tell you.
He must have a point.
I don't care.
I just want to know my background
If Duan Lao knew
I hope Duan Lao will tell me
How time flies!
It's been more than 20 years
It seems that you really know
I know.
But I can't tell you.